Improve copywriting for top level elements (#298)
openfisca/openfisca-doc: source/contribute/developer-guide.md

## Source code repositories

OpenFisca is distributed across many Git repositories. There are two types of repositories, those shared by everyone and country/jurisdiction specific repositories.

Here are some of the main repositories shared by everyone:

* [OpenFisca-Core](https://github.com/openfisca/openfisca-core)
* [Country-Template](https://github.com/openfisca/country-template)
* [Legislation-Explorer](https://github.com/openfisca/legislation-explorer)
* [OpenFisca-Survey-Manager](https://github.com/openfisca/openfisca-survey-manager)

> * [OpenFisca Documentation (this site)](https://github.com/openfisca/openfisca-doc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [OpenFisca Documentation](https://github.com/openfisca/openfisca-doc) (this site)
```

> These can all be found at [https://github.com/openfisca](https://github.com/openfisca).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These can all be found on the [OpenFisca GitHub organisation](https://github.com/openfisca).
```
